README.md, before:

# Deployment to CAT

## Description

A Ruby library to convert RightScale Deployments to CAT format

## Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.7 or higher
* [Right API Client](https://github.com/rightscale/right_api_client) 1.5.15 or higher

## Usage

    ruby export_deployment.rb -d [deployment_id] -e [email] -p [password] -a [account_id]

    -d, --deployment ID              Deployment ID
    -e, --email EMAIL_ADDRESS        Email Address
    -p, --password PASSWORD          Password
    -a, --account ID                 Account ID
    -h, --help						 Show Help screen

## Details

Exports all Servers in a Deployment to CAT format using the next_instance details. Includes support for all parameters of Servers and ServerArrays (note: Subnets and SecurityGroups will only be exported when using a hacked version of RightApiClient that represents them as links due to [this bug](http://bit.ly/1f7AEZa))

## Todo

* Support for Volumes, VolumeAttachments with optional flag
* User-selectable output of inputs as parameters
* Output of other account resources as parameters (cloud, instance type, etc)

Commit message:

Changed deployment export to use hrefs be default Added feature to print cloud hrefs of an account

README.md, after:

# RightScale SelfService Tools

## Description

Provides a small set of tools to help you use RS Self Service
 - A Ruby library and command line tool to convert RightScale Deployments to CAT format
 - A command line tool to generate a human-readable list of hrefs in use in your account

## Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.7 or higher
* [Right API Client](https://github.com/rightscale/right_api_client) 1.5.15 or higher

## Usage

### Deployment to CAT
Export all resources in an existing deployment to a CAT file format

    ruby export_deployment.rb <options>
    -d, --deployment ID              Deployment ID
    -e, --email EMAIL_ADDRESS        Email Address
    -p, --password PASSWORD          Password
    -a, --account ID                 Account ID

Notes: Subnets and SecurityGroups are not exported due to [this bug](http://bit.ly/1f7AEZa)

### Show Cloud Hrefs
Print a readable list of all resource hrefs for all cloud resources in an account

		ruby show_cloud_hrefs.rb <options>
    -e, --email EMAIL_ADDRESS        Email Address
    -p, --password PASSWORD          Password
    -a, --account ID                 Account ID

Note: Subnets and SecurityGroups are not supported at this time

## Todo

* Support for Volumes, VolumeAttachments with optional flag
* User-selectable output of inputs as parameters
* Output of other account resources as parameters (cloud, instance type, etc)
